In the last lecture you learned how to delete places and how to pop the current page, so to pop it off
the stack,
remove it from there and therefore also navigate back.
We also have pop to root,
now pop to root as the name suggests pops all pages except for the root page, this is useful if you
are having a lot of pages on your stack because you have a lot of nested pages and you want to go back
because maybe now someone clicked delete and you want to delete the entire stack, call pop to root
and you're back to the root page. And there are a lot of other methods, you can even use react native navigation
to show modals if you want and so on.
Now I won't dive into all of these methods,
what I want to do though is I want to cover how you can add a side drawer, so a side menu you can slide
out and back in.
Let me show you how this works
over the next lectures.